DESCRIPTION

Data used for the last chapter of my Phd about kinship and spatial proximity in the notarial deeds. The data was also used in a conference paper September 3rd 2021
organized by the Société suisse d'histoire rurale. 
The data contains all the notarial deeds made between january 1797 and june 1799 by the notary Ferdinand Louis de Montet dit Taverney (ACV Ds 69/6). 
The excel files contains the deeds, the people involved, their house or residence. 

The data was used in combination with the genealogical data contains in the repository Corsier1680-1840. 

With the data contains in this dataset, I also generated spatial networks with GEPHI.

The two datasets are in xlsx or csv comma delimited.

DATASETS

1. acv_ds_69_6_1797-1799_notarial_deeds
Thia dataset contains all the notarial deeds made between January 1797 and June 1799 by the notary Ferdinand Louis de Montet dit Taverney.
It contains several information: the type of the act, the page in the register, date, place where the act was contracted, the first actor, 
the ID of the actor referring to the ID in the genealogical database (see following file).
Then the second, third etc. actors with their ID as well and the kinship link with the other actors (calculated with the software PUCK). 
Then the living place of the actors as mentioned in the deed and the price of the transaction. 
The witnesses of the acts and their ID and their place of living. 
The warrants are as well in the file, with their ID.
The next information is the containt of the deed. 
Finally, remarks or observations made by myself. 

2. ind_presents_ds_69
This file contains the individuals active in the notarial deeds. It contains the following data: ID, Name, Gender (F for Female, H for Male, I for Institution) and the filiation.
Then a part of the data concerns the dwelling place of the individuals with the dwelling place found on the basis of the 1798 census and the cadastral maps (ref_plan and ref_recensement)
and if this information is certain or not. Then the latitude and longitude of the house. 
More classical information about the actors comes next: birth date, christening date, death date, burying date. 
Then if the marriage partner is a member of the kin, if the actor was part of a political movement, the place of origin (bourgeoisie), the title, the surname, the occupation and if the person helds public
offices and finally if the person was member of the elite. 
This data was used to analyze the deeds. 

3. acquis_simulation_lien_parente
This is the result of a random distribution of the notarial deeds and only the sells of properties. This random distribution is based on a python code made Rémi Petitpierre at the EPFL. 
Act_ID is the identification number of the individual. The columns lien_de_parente test if a kinship link exists between the seller and the buyer. The pattern explains the roles in the deed (v for vendor and a for buyer). 
The column lien_parente_entre_vendeurs contains the kinship links between sellers and the column lien_parente_entre_ach the kinship links between buyers. 
